1.  What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repo it creates an invisible git file which will therefore keep track of all future updates made inside the repo. You don't need to do it. However, it is highly encouraged to keep track - jsut incase you make an error or a bug appears sometime in the near future.

2.  How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is where the files you have added and is where they will stay right before they are committed. It separates/ differentiates them from the 'untracked' files.

3.  How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

the staging area lists the files that have been added and are ready to be committed. If there are any files you no longer want you can run 'git status' and then remove whatever fils you do not want to commit.

4.  What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches help when you want to risk a tricky addition in your application / wed design. Instead of worrying about fucking up the entire project - branches allows you to start from a place (or a checkpoint) that you can return to later on if your trick does not work.

5.  How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They help visualize where the branches are and how one commit might get lost if it is "unreachable". It should be a good habit to maybe draw out branches to help further visualize your project even more so.

6.  What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

When you merge branches it becomes one fluid branch and the commits carry over into the "master". Its represented this way to elimiate confusion since it is no longer two separete pieces.

7.  What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

There are no pros of Git merging automatically - this may cause far more problems than one needs, even if it would be convenient. However, the pros for it to be all manual gives the user full control and any problems that arise would be the users fault and this may be able to be easily solved rather than constantly debugging if it was automatic.

